chocolatey install dependencies (#1082)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/getting-started/windows-users.md

   rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly
   ```

4. Install dependencies:

>    - A simple way is using **Chocolatey**. 
>       - First you need to install the Chocolatey package manager: https://community.chocolatey.org/courses/installation/installing
>       - Once Chocolatey installed you can install LLVM, OpenSSL, cmake, make from either cmd or powershell:
>          ```
>          choco install llvm openssl cmake make -y
>          ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A simple way is using **Chocolatey**. 
      - First, install the [Chocolatey package manager](https://community.chocolatey.org/courses/installation/installing)
      - Then, you can install LLVM, OpenSSL, cmake and make from either cmd or PowerShell:
         ```powershell
         choco install llvm openssl cmake make -y
         ```
```

>       - Wait a few minutes to check every package is installed ok. Substrate should be ready to build. One more tip to notice is, Windows system has a restriction on path length. **Better to put your build folder closer to you root dir to minimize path length.** Refer to https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - **Note that Windows systems have a restriction on path length, and sometimes substrate runs into this! **Better to put your build folder closer to you root dir to minimize path length.** More in [this issue](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).
```

>    - The other way is more complicated, installing these packages by their maintainers' instructions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Alternatively, you can instal these packages individually:
```

>       - **Note that Windows systems have a restriction on path length, and sometimes substrate runs into this! **Better to put your build folder closer to your root dir to minimize path length.** More in [this issue](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).
> 
>    - As an alternative to `chocolatey`, you can install these packages individually:
>      1. Install LLVM: https://releases.llvm.org/download.html
> 
>      2. Install OpenSSL with `vcpkg` using PowerShell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Note that Windows systems have a restriction on path length which could lead to some issues. It is 
      recommended to put your build folder closer to your root directory to avoid running into [these issues](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).**

   - As an alternative to Chocolatey, you can install these packages individually:
     1. [Install LLVM](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html)

     2. Install OpenSSL with `vcpkg` using PowerShell:
```

>      2. Install OpenSSL with `vcpkg` using PowerShell:

Reviewer 2: I was under the impression that OpenSSL is no longer _required_ but there have been mixed reports. Can we try _without_ this at all to see the behavior?

Author: I tested with "choco uninstall openssl" and "cargo clean", then the building still goes well. 
but it's better to try on a clean system path again.

        ```bash
        mkdir C:\Tools
        cd C:\Tools
        git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg.git --depth=1
        cd vcpkg
        .\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
        .\vcpkg.exe install openssl:x64-windows-static
        ```

     3. Add OpenSSL to your System Variables using PowerShell:

        ```powershell
        $env:OPENSSL_DIR = 'C:\Tools\vcpkg\installed\x64-windows-static'
        $env:OPENSSL_STATIC = 'Yes'
        [System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('OPENSSL_DIR', $env:OPENSSL_DIR, [System.EnvironmentVariableTarget]::User)
        [System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('OPENSSL_STATIC', $env:OPENSSL_STATIC, [System.EnvironmentVariableTarget]::User)
        ```

>      4. Install `cmake`: https://cmake.org/download/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     4. [Install `cmake`](https://cmake.org/download/)
```

     5.  Install `make`

>          - This can be done using Chocolatey. First you need to install the Chocolatey package manager: https://chocolatey.org/install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - This can be done using Chocolatey. First you need to install the [Chocolatey package manager](https://chocolatey.org/install).
```

>          - Once Chocolatey installed you can install make:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - Once Chocolatey is installed, install make with the following command:
```

>            ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           ```powershell
```

   rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly
   ```

4. Install dependencies:

>    - A simple way is using **Chocolatey**. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - A simple way is using **Chocolatey**. (choco will need admin privileges to install the components)
```

Reviewer 4: I was using admin Power Shell, should I avoid PS ?

Author: choco needs admin anyway, either PS or cmd.

      - First, install the [Chocolatey package manager](https://community.chocolatey.org/courses/installation/installing)
      - Then, you can install LLVM, OpenSSL, cmake and make from either cmd or PowerShell:
         ```powershell

>          choco install llvm openssl cmake make -y

Reviewer 5: https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io/pull/1083
About LLVM, I'm not testing the use of chocolatey to install LLVM have this question. does it work? because I'm used scoop install LLVM does not work.

Author: chocolatey works in my test. how's your testing going?

Reviewer 4: I have run into "linker `link.exe` not found" after installing dependencies with chocolatey, so is safe to say that it is worth it set up LLVM by hand.

Author: > "linker `link.exe` not found"
this looks like an error about **vs_buildtools** installation. Did you install that?

Reviewer 5: sorry, I'm not testing use choco, but I read the code.

https://github.com/bspeice/au-packages/blob/e8d7a320a90c812c7e0ee05546eeacd42fe09286/llvm/tools/chocolateyinstall.ps1#L8

this link is used by choco. I download this file, not have `llvm-config` binary.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37804932/128870496-87a03623-27cc-42a4-8076-ab0788e463d0.png)

Can you show `llvm-config` path in your system?

```powershell
D:/ $ where llvm-config
D:\opt\llvm\bin\llvm-config.exe
```

@saintfeng

Reviewer 5: related: https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/issues/5682

Author: I'm not clear about how llvm works in substrate building. `llvm-config` is not in my path. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6375317/128955112-90424a24-c99d-4130-aaa9-97cfd6db3f27.png)

Reviewer 5: I think we need to understand why it can compile without llvm-config on your system.

      recommended to put your build folder closer to your root directory to avoid running into [these issues](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).**

   - As an alternative to Chocolatey, you can install these packages individually:
     1. [Install LLVM](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html)

     2. Install OpenSSL with `vcpkg` using PowerShell:

        ```bash
        mkdir C:\Tools
        cd C:\Tools
        git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg.git --depth=1
        cd vcpkg
        .\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
        .\vcpkg.exe install openssl:x64-windows-static
        ```

     3. Add OpenSSL to your System Variables using PowerShell:

        ```powershell
        $env:OPENSSL_DIR = 'C:\Tools\vcpkg\installed\x64-windows-static'
        $env:OPENSSL_STATIC = 'Yes'
        [System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('OPENSSL_DIR', $env:OPENSSL_DIR, [System.EnvironmentVariableTarget]::User)
        [System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('OPENSSL_STATIC', $env:OPENSSL_STATIC, [System.EnvironmentVariableTarget]::User)
        ```

     4. [Install `cmake`](https://cmake.org/download/)

>      5.  Install `make`

Reviewer 3: This is the non-choco instructions so we should non-choco alternatives like: 

http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm
or install https://www.msys2.org/ + `pacman -S make`

Reviewer 2: We do not use make or cmake any more. This can safely be removed

   rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain nightly
   ```

4. Install dependencies:
   
   > **Important:** Windows systems have a restriction on path length which could lead to some issues. It is 

>    recommended to put your build folder closer to your root directory to avoid running into [these issues](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   recommended to put your build folder closer to your root directory to avoid running into
   [these issues](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/issues/185).
```

Reviewer 2: line length
